PLAT-122716: Fixed close button position for night mode (#371)
enactjs/agate: CHANGELOG.md

The following is a curated list of changes in the Enact sandstone module, newest changes on the top.

## [unreleased]
 
### Fixed

> - `agate/Panels` fixed children margin in controls for night mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `agate/Panels` to show close button properly for night mode
```
Because "fixed" is duplicated with ##Fixed, use do not type it.
And usually, changeLog is for App developer, so too detail things like technical way or implementation is not needed.

Author: thanks for the suggestion and detailed explanation
